A backtest is a simulation of running
a trading strategy through some historical period of time.
Ideally, the backtest should simulate as accurately as possible
what would have actually happened in real-time production processes.
If aspects of real-time production trading are left out of the simulation,
then even after backtesting,
there's no reference for how these aspects might
affect strategy performance in the future and this is dangerous.
You have already performed rudimentary backtests in
this course when you have tested your trading strategies on historical data,
but these tests which you performed as part of
the Alpha research process are not
sophisticated enough to inspire confidence in the trading strategy.
One could call anything that simulates trades using historical data of backtest,
but this is like calling throwing a paper airplane into the air,
a test of rocket spaceflight.
NASA is very professional about making
rockets because they really don't want them to blow up.
Likewise, quants who designed trading strategies for a living are very
professional about making backtests
because they really don't want their strategies to blow up.
The goal of strategy development is to optimize
the potential performance of what is yet to come in the future,
in other words, what hasn't happened yet.
When used appropriately, a backtest can be a useful means towards that end.
When not used appropriately,
a backtest can also be a hindrance or counterproductive,
especially if it convinces the modeler of something that isn't true.
One must always keep in mind that the goal is to
optimize the performance of the strategy next year
and the year after that and so on and
not to optimize the backtest appearance of performance.
A backtest must report among other metrics,
a number of dollars or euros or other currency
representing the simulated profit and loss in each time period.
Even if the strategy trades intraday,
the profit and loss is often aggregated up to the daily level for reporting purposes,
we call this the profit calculation.
Like anything, the profit calculation can be
done with varying levels of accuracy and realism.